Detail bootstrap chef-client runlist (#2610)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/install_bootstrap.md

{{% chef_client_bootstrap_stages %}}

> ## Decide what recipes to bootstrap with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Minimum Recommended Recipe Run-List on a Node
```

If you are not sure, you do not have to choose a complete recipe
runlist now. When running Chef Infra Client 15.x, we recommend as your
minimum runlist the chef-client cookbook cron resource, which will
help you control how and when the chef-client comnmand will run and
thereby maintain your current configuration. You can set a runlist
with the -r option to knife bootstrap like this -r

> recipe[myrecipe::cron] for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not have to choose a complete recipe [run-list](/run_lists/) now if you are not sure which
recipes you want to bootstrap a node with. When running Chef Infra Client 15.x,
we recommend as your minimum run-list the cron resource in the
[chef-client cookbook](https://supermarket.chef.io/cookbooks/chef-client)
which will help you control how and when the `chef-client` command will run and
maintain your current configuration. Use the `-r` or `--run-list` option with the
[`knife bootstrap`](/workstation/knife_bootstrap/) subcommand to set a run-list on a node, for example `-r recipe[myrecipe::cron]`.
```

You can find the source code at https://github.com/chef-cookbooks/chef-client
and a download at supermarket.chef.io https://supermarket.chef.io/cookbooks/chef-client
You will be required to upload the chef-client cookbook to your Chef Infra Server, so

> that it can be referred to by bootstrapping nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

By default, windows systems will run chef-client as a

> scheduled task if your runlist looks like this `recipe[chef-client::default]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Windows

By default, Windows systems will run the chef-client cookbook as a
scheduled task if your run-list looks like this: `recipe[chef-client::default]`.
```

Although it is not the default, you will want to do the

> same with unix-like clients like linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unix-like Clients

Although it is not the default, you should configure Unix-like clients to run
the chef-client cookbook as a scheduled task using either cronjob or systemd.
```

To do so, you need to make a decision.

* Do you run with a cronjob or a systemd timer?

    * For simplicity's sake or if you are running Chef Infra Client
    15.x, you should run a cronjob. Call the `chef_client_cron` resource
    and set the :add action in your own recipe for your initial runlist.
    In 16.x, do the same, but you will not need the chef-client cookbook
    at all, as the resource is available natively.

    * If you are already comfortable with systemd and it is available
    and active on your system, you can choose that option. For 15.x,
    choose the `recipe[chef-client::default]` recipe for your initial
    runlist and be sure the `node['chef_client']['systemd']['timer'] =
    true` attribute is set. For 16.x, use the native
    `chef_client_systemd_timer` resource with the :add action in your own

>     recipe and set that recipe as your initial runlist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**cronjob**

For simplicity's sake or if you are running Chef Infra Client
15.x, you should run a cronjob. Call the `chef_client_cron` resource
and set the `:add` action in your own recipe for your initial run-list.
In Chef Infra Client 16.x, do the same but you will not need the chef-client
cookbook as the resource is available natively.

**systemd**

Use systemd if you are already comfortable with it and it is available
and active on your system. For Chef Infra Client 15.x, choose the
`recipe[chef-client::default]` recipe for your initial
run-list and be sure the `node['chef_client']['systemd']['timer'] = true` attribute
is set. For Chef Infra Client 16.x, use the native `chef_client_systemd_timer`
resource with the `:add` action in your own recipe and set that recipe as your
initial run-list.
```

> For more details on configuration, see https://github.com/chef-cookbooks/chef-client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [chef-client cookbook repository](https://github.com/chef-cookbooks/chef-client)
for more details on configuration.
```

{{% chef_client_bootstrap_stages %}}

## Minimum Recommended Recipe Run-List on a Node

You do not have to choose a complete recipe [run-list](/run_lists/) now if you are not sure which

> recipes you want to bootstrap a node with. When running Chef Infra Client 15.x,
> we recommend as your minimum run-list the cron resource in the
> [chef-client cookbook](https://supermarket.chef.io/cookbooks/chef-client)
> which will help you control how and when the `chef-client` command will run and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
recipes you want to bootstrap a node with. When running Chef Infra Client 15.x, at a minimum
we recommend adding the cron resource in the
[chef-client cookbook](https://supermarket.chef.io/cookbooks/chef-client) to your run-list.
This will help you control how and when the `chef-client` command will run and
```
